right we just let the dash off quickly
because a calls come through that we've
been waiting for all week we're going
out to interview a couple of ex poachers
and it's all be done a little bit of
hush-hush
because I do a lot of undercover work
around here
despite the risk babe AB has persuaded
them to talk to me be bad relies on
intelligence from informants in his
efforts to combat wildlife crime and has
often put his own life in danger in the
process prior Pasolini is that what has
coddled Appalachia Oh believe it or not
a formal way attacking the very gonna
tear these guys told me that poachers
come from outside the area and recruit
locals like them to help track the Rhino
they were involved in poaching for 15
years despite knowing they could be
killed at any time they made decent
money but nothing compared with what the
horn eventually sold for now they risk
their lives in an effort to foil
poachers by keeping tabs on illegal
activity around the park
I suppose everything has a price but
what's it worth to keep one of the
oldest living mammals on the planet
alive
surely the survival of a species is
worth more than just a touch hello can
we just have a few of those please and a
few of these get deep okay the people
who risk their lives to kill the Rhino
obviously do it for the money but I'm
starting to realize they're a long way
down the supply and demand chain
somebody somewhere who's making a lot of
cash out of rhino horn and it's
certainly not the local now to give you
some sort of idea if this was pounded
rhino horn this would be worth roughly
about 40 quid and a forest guard earns a
lot less than that a week